Cox’s Bazar: Cox's Bazar is a city, fishing port, tourism centre and district headquarters in southeastern Bangladesh. It is famous mostly for its long natural sandy beach. It is located 150 km (93 mi) south of the city of Chittagong. Cox's Bazar is also known by the name Panowa, which translates literally as "yellow flower". Another old name was "Palongkee".The city covers an area of 23.4 km2 (9.0 sq mi) with 27 mahallas and 9 wards and as of 2011 had a population of 265,500.[1] Cox's Bazar is connected by road and air with Chittagong.
Sundarbans: The Sundarbans is a mangrove area in the delta formed by the confluence of the Ganges, Brahmaputra and Meghna Rivers in the Bay of Bengal. It spans from the Hooghly River in India's state of West Bengal to the Baleswar River in Bangladesh. It comprises closed and open mangrove forests, land used for agricultural purpose, mudflats and barren land, and is intersected by multiple tidal streams and channels.The Sundarbans mangrove forest covers an area of about 10,000 km2 (3,900 sq mi), of which forests in Bangladesh's Khulna Division extend over 6,017 km2 (2,323 sq mi) and in West Bengal, they extend over 4,260 km2 (1,640 sq mi) across the South 24 Parganas and North 24 Parganas districts.
Kuakata: Kuakata is a town in southeastern Bangladesh known for its panoramic sea beach. Kuakata beach is a sandy expanse 18 kilometres (11 mi) long and 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) wide. From the beach one can have an unobstructed view of both sunrise and sunset over the Bay of Bengal.
Saint Martin: St. Martin's Island is a small island (area only 3 km2) in the northeastern part of the Bay of Bengal, about 9 km south of the tip of the Cox's Bazar-Teknaf peninsula, and forming the southernmost part of Bangladesh. There is a small adjoining island that is separated at high tide, called Chera Dwip. It is about 8 kilometres (5 miles) west of the northwest coast of Myanmar, at the mouth of the Naf River.
Sajek: Sajek Valley is an emerging tourist spot in Bangladesh situated among the hills of the Kasalong range of mountains in Sajek union, Baghaichhari Upazila in Rangamati District. The valley is 1,476 feet (450 m) above sea level. Sajek valley is known as the Queen of Hills & Roof of Rangamati.
Chandranath: Chandranath Temple located on top of the Chandranath Hill, is a famous Shakti Peeth located near Sitakunda in Bangladesh where, as per Hindu sacred texts, the right arm of Goddess Sati fell. Chandranath Temple is a pilgrimage site for Hindus. Its height is about 1,020 feet (310 m) above sea level.
Lovachora: Lovachora is a bordering area from Kanaighat Upzilla in the eastern part of Sylhet district, which is somewhat fortified from northeast to northwest by the Meghalayan ranges. It is essentially a quarry where stones and boulders are mined, besides an age-old tea garden.